[Birds chirping]
Come on.
[Scoffs]
This place is a freaking nightmare.
No.
What the hell is this?
Just one bar! Come on!
Son of a bitch!
Let's see what this is.
Oh, God. Now I need to pee.
Okay.
[Beep]
[Urinating stops]
[Laughs] Oh!
I did it!
I got a signal!
Whoo!
[Beep]
No, no, no! No, no, no, no, no!
I need this! Oh, come on.
Come on!
[Beep]
[Laughs] Okay, okay.
Ohh. Uhh...
Help!
Help me!
[Groans]
[Birds chirping]
♪♪
[Groans softly]
[Music stops, flies buzzing]
[Screaming]
Oh, God! They're so gross!
They're everywhere!
- Synced and corrected by martythecrazy -
- www.addic7ed.com -
So sad.
Yeah. Really makes you think
about how precious life can be.
So, what are we thinking?
Hack 'em up, throw 'em in a bag,
put a bunch of rocks in there,
weigh 'em down?
Yeah, no,
these bodies need to be moved and burned
before they start spreading disease.
Like, we move them, like, with our...
With our...
We got to touch 'em with our hands?
Okay, we should all listen to Emma.
She knows what she's talking about.
She's a podiatrist.
Foot doctor.
All: Oh!
I thought you were a real doctor.
A podiatrist is a real doctor.
But she said you were a foot doctor.
A foot doctor is a real doctor.
They just specialize in feet.
Oh, like when a nurse wraps your ankle.
No, like when a podiatrist
saves your life.
Through your feet.
The feet are the gateway to the body!
Enough! You're boring me.
We got to light these suckers up,
so let's get to it.
Wait! Before we release these people,
we need to perform a
transition ceremony.
- A what?
- A Native American memorial
celebrating a soul's departure
from the physical plane.
Oh, yeah, sure.
We can all play grab-ass on the beach,
you know,
jerk each other off in the sand.
If we're gonna waste
time, let's waste time.
I think a memorial is a great idea.
Get rid of any disease,
say good-bye to these cadavers.
- People.
Okay, fine. How about you three
go into the jungle and
check for any missed bodies,
and I'll clear this beach.
And I'll just jot down
some notes for a eulogy.
Probably open with a joke.
Oh, no, no, no, Daniel.
We're gonna need you
to clear the fuselage.
- The fusi-what?
- The fuselage in the jungle.
That thing's jammed full of bodies...
people split in two, arms hanging off.
[People screaming]
I saw a woman who was
literally folded in half
like a lawn chair.
There's some pretty heavy shit.
But you've probably seen
worse on the force, right?
- I mean, you're a cop.
- Totally.
I'm not a cop.
Why did I tell people I was a cop?!
And now they want me
to clear the fuselage?
It's like a giant tube of nightmares!
I can't do it! I'm not gonna do it!
Then don't, man. Just
tell people the truth.
I can't tell people that I'm not a cop.
Then I'll be the liar on the island.
Besides, it's like the first time
people are actually
looking at me with respect
and someone's finally listening...
Yeah, I got to go.
I'm sure whatever you
decide to do will be great.
They're just corpses.
They can't hurt you.
[Suspenseful music plays]
Babe, I just talked to Karen.
Looks like some bodies
washed up during the night.
What? Seriously?
- Yeah.
- Oh, yes!
That's awesome!
Maybe my Callaway washed up, too.
Jesus, Todd, those are people, okay?
Enough with the golf club.
Jess, it's not a golf club.
It's a $1,500 golf club.
It's a $1,500 metal stick, okay?
Let it go!
- Oh, let it go?
- Please!
Jess, my baby is out there!
You might just be able to move on,
but I will not rest until I find her.
Baby?
Boy, he is just...
jammed in there, isn't he, huh?
And the angle is so impressive.
How does this happen?
Pack: [In distance] Aah! Help me!
Oh, Pack!
- Pack!
[Laughing]
You guys!
Why are your pants down, buddy?
- What? I only had one hand.
- Ugh.
Whatever! I've got a sig...
- [Beep]
- Oh, my God, it's gone.
What's gone?
You guys must have
interrupted the signal.
Get back!
Okay!
- [Beep]
- Get back! There! There, stop!
Don't move a muscle.
Pack, what's going on?
This is a satellite phone.
It's got a very low battery,
but it has a signal... a faint signal.
Any of us move, I'll lose it.
What are you saying?
I think we can make a call.
[All shout]
Stop moving!
Owen: Okay, so, what
are you waiting for?
Call somebody.
Wait, say that again.
- Call somebody.
- A-doy!
I would have called someone,
Owen, but my phone is dead.
And the only number I know
off the top of my head
is my office. And it's
closed on Saturday!
Because today has to
be a goddamn Saturday!
What about all those phones?
They're all dead or locked.
Do any of you guys know
anyone's phone number?
What, like... from memory?
Uh...
Really?
None of these phones work?
Um... parents?
People know parents' numbers, right?
Florence?
Oh, no.
My parents don't believe in cellphones.
What? Why?
Uh, a little thing called
[whispering] the NSA.
- Oh, my God.
- Wake up, sheeple!
They're always listening.
Oh, God! Never mind!
- Owen.
- Pass.
- Pass?
- Yeah, pass.
- Like a game show?
- Oh, Emma... Boomer! Boomer!
Oh! No!
Oh, what's a Boomer?
- My friend.
- It's her drug dealer.
He happens to deal drugs.
I don't know, I'm spitballing here.
Guys, the police, right? 911.
What?
Like the... the world police.
Is that a thing? Yeah, never mind.
I said pass, so I'm...
What about someone at Columbia
or a hospital or something?
Uh, yes, yes!
I know the number to a hospital!
[Both scream]
Florence, you beautiful bitch,
you did it again!
- You're freakin' brilliant!
Stop... dancing!!
It's okay. It's just a
bunch of dead people.
You got this. [Chuckling] Okay!
We're gonna make this fun.
It'll be like a real-life
"Weekend at Bernie's."
[Shuddering]
Oh, God. Oh, my God.
Oh, God.
I can't do this. I can't do this.
Man: Of course you can't.
Dad?
That's right. Your father.
You were on the plane?
- What?
No, I wasn't on the pla...
This is a nightmare sequence.
I'm all your fears and
bullshit come to life.
Ohhh.
Did you seriously not get that?
I don't know. It was kind of confusing.
No, it's not. It was daytime out there.
Now there's like all this
fog and shit in here.
What... What did you
think was happening?
I don't know! Why are you here, Dad?!
I'm here to tell you that
you'll never move these bodies
because you're a coward.
That's why you ran off to Thailand.
That's why you'll never take
over the family business.
I told you I don't want to be like you.
I want to help people.
So, is that why you're pretending to be
some blue-collar cop?
Hey, y'all hear that?
My son wants to be a public servant.
[Laughter]
Don't laugh at me.
Daniel!! No one needs your help.
Sooner or later,
these people are going to find out
who you really are, who I am,
and they're gonna hate you for it.
Why are you being so mean?
Because that's how nightmare
sequences with Dad work!
I'm the reason you're
scared of everything!
[Whimpers]
[Laughter]
- No!
- See?!
You're not gonna clear out these bodies
because you're a pussy, Daniel!
Now, stop embarrassing the family
and get the hell out of here! Scram!
[Whimpering] But, Da...
Hi, Todd.
[Grunts]
What do you want, Legs?
Hey, look, I heard about
what you lost in the crash.
- You did, huh?
- So sorry, Todd.
Yeah.
It sucks dick.
That's what I was just
thinking, you know?
It sucks... dick.
Only had her for, like, six months, too.
I can't even imagine.
I remember the first
time I picked her up.
Just thinking, [Bleep]
This thing is so light, you know?"
She weighed nothing.
Life is precious.
But she was strong, too.
Like, it had this big, old fatty head.
That's... cute.
Yeah, I guess.
Well, Todd, why don't you come with us?
[Grunts] Help sort
through the wreckage, eh?
Might take your mind off a few things.
[Sighs] Yeah, all right.
Who knows?
Maybe I'll find her. [Chuckles]
[Sighs]
Maybe you will.
- [Ringing]
- Okay, here we go.
Woman: Thanks for calling
San Francisco General.
- For English, press ...
- One, press one.
- [Beep]
- Hola, gracias por...
What?! Owen, you said press one!
English is always one!
Why would you make Spanish one?!
Wow. White privilege much?
Florence, you studied in Spain.
What is it saying?
Okay, that was more about the culture
- than about the language.
- Florence, listen!
- Okay! Uh, shut up!
- Come on.
Okay, it's...
the voice thing we need to say,
um... the name of a department.
Yeah, yeah, I still don't speak Spanish!
Come on!
Just say "Operator."
Operator.
Man: Lo siento?
- Operator!
- Man: Lo siento?
Opera-dor?
[Hold music plays]
[Laughs] Oh, no shit!
- [Hold music continues]
- Come on! Somebody pick up!!
- So, who do you know at this hospital?
- Well, no one yet.
Uh, It's just the hospital
that I matched at, so...
But isn't this in San Francisco?
We live in New York.
You got a job in San Francisco?
Well, Florence, I basically...
That's great.
What?
Yeah. That is fantastic.
I'm so happy for you.
Wow. I thought this was gonna be,
like, a whole thing with you guys.
- So, you're not mad?
- No. Just let me know
when you want to pick up the knife.
- What knife?
- From my freakin' back!
There it is.
- Oh, here we go.
- Ugh.
Pretty snazzy for some cool guy.
Yeah, they're all right.
Why don't you have them?
Oh, great. Thanks.
Hey, Todd, how's Jess doing?
Is she all right?
You know, with your loss and everything?
- Jess?
- Yeah.
She doesn't give two shits.
She's glad it's gone.
What?!
Yeah. She hated the thing.
Used to make me keep it in the garage.
She kept your baby in the garage?!
- Little Callaway?
- Oh, yeah, bro.
Said I loved it more than her.
This one time, we were fighting.
She just grabbed the thing,
started swinging at me
like a goddamn animal.
[Growling]
Oh, my God! She's mad!
Pretty much.
Hey, honey.
Oh.
Yeah, she's a nightmare.
Todd, I want you to know
that I'm there for you, okay?
Okay.
So, you were just gonna leave
and slink away from
our 10-year friendship
to some foot hospital?!
It's a regular hospital!
Okay, sorry to interrupt, guys,
but we're losing battery,
and nobody's picking up!
Florence, you're up.
- Your drug dealer, Boom Town.
- Boomer.
Whatever! Do you trust him?
No, we do not trust him.
- With my life.
- Oh, okay!
So, we're just gonna
hang up on a hospital
and call someone who's done
molly via their butthole.
Oh, my God! That was one time!
And who's gonna not butt-roll
at a Rick Ross concert?!
Wait, wait, wait! Shut
up, shut up, shut up!
- It stopped.
- Okay.
[Laughs]
Man: It's almost fall,
and you know what that means.
It's flu shot season!
Aah!!
You got to be kidding me.
Oh, forget this! Florence, you're up!
We're calling butt-roll guy!
Beach is almost cleared.
How's it going on the fuselage?
Uh, yeah, it's going.
You haven't seen this guy, have you?
Not yet. Why?
Body's still missing.
Wife down there...
says she can't say good-bye without it.
She seems to think it's
still somewhere on the plane.
I keep telling her, lady,
anything could have happened.
For all we know, he could have
blown out of the sky at 30,000 feet,
fallen in the ocean, sunk to the bottom.
Unless, of course, the sharks got him.
Hell, I've seen a hammerhead shark
tear into a grown man
like he was warm bread.
Ripped his butt clean off.
I said, "Lady, your
husband... fish bait."
Probably got eaten by
a hammerhead shark."
Some people just can't
let go of the past.
Anyway, I'll let her know.
Karen, wait.
- I'll go look again.
- Okay.
[Beeps]
Okay, it's ringing. Florence, get ready.
We do not have much time left.
[Line ringing]
Boomer: Hello?
- Aah!!
- Boomer! Boomer, it's Florence!
Oh, hey, it's you!
Boomer, I knew you'd pick up, okay.
Emma said you wouldn't,
but I knew you would.
That doesn't matter right now.
Okay, we are alive, okay?
We crashed on an island,
and we are stranded.
Boomer: Uh, just hanging, man.
How about you?
Boomer, what are you...
it's Florence! What
are you talking about?!
Boomer: Psych!
This is a voicemail!
You got Boomered, dummy!
[Laughs] I'm not actually here.
Whatever you just said,
no one will ever hear it.
Why? 'Cause you got Boomered!
Hello? Are you still there?!
[All shout]
Boomer, your stupid voicemail!
Okay, it's Florence!
And we are stranded...
Boomer: Double psych!
[Laughs] It's still my voicemail!
[Laughs] Anyway, get at me.
Oh, and if you're
calling about the iguana,
somebody already took him.
- [Beep]
- Woman: We're sorry.
This mailbox is full and
cannot take new messages.
[Cries]
♪♪
[Laughter]
Hey, shut up!
You're dead.
Well, well, well.
If it isn't my greatest disappoi...
Oh!
You're gonna listen to me, Dad.
See this woman? She needs my help.
So, I'm gonna help her.
'Cause on this island, I'm not like you.
I'm a cop.
Now, where's the guy
in the Hawaiian shirt?
Where's the guy in the Hawaiian shirt?!
[Whimpers]
Pussy!
Oh, God, he's fat.
Okay, how much call time is left?
Like, maybe a few seconds.
Does anyone have anyone else to call?
Owen?
Okay. Hear me out.
There's a Papa John's in Tucson.
You don't know anyone's number?
Oh, like Boomer and his rad voicemail?
Hey! No, only I get
to yell at my friend.
Voicemail. I'm gonna leave a voicemail!
Okay, who are you calling?
My office. I'll leave a message
for my assistant, Charlie.
He'll find us! We're rescued!
What are you gonna say?
"Hey, it's Pack. I'm alive."
Trust me, he'll find me.
- [Ringing]
- Shh, quiet. Quiet, quiet, quiet.
Hello. You've reached the
voicemail of Charlie Fay,
newly appointed sports agent
at United Artists Agency.
Leave a name and number after the beep.
- [Beep]
- They made Charlie an agent?
Pack, the voicemail!
Oh, oh! Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Charlie, it's Pack!
- [Beeping]
- Come save us, I'm Ali...
What happened?
It's dead.
They replaced me after one week.
I gave my life to that place.
This must be your worst nightmare,
'cause you're stuck here with me.
Oh, Florence, come on.
I just think it's very telling
that the only number you
know is some hospital.
Oh, okay, well, not all of us
want to live off of unemployment
while we make candles in our bath tub.
I also make paper!
Guys, we're all upset, okay?
This is nobody's fault.
Said the sad man with no one to call.
I am not sad.
I just don't have anyone's phone number.
You don't have anyone's number,
or you don't have anyone?
I said Papa John's!
We could have called Papa John's.
Guys!
Am I not important?
Your dick's hanging out.
Huh?
My bad.
Sorry.
Well... here we are.
Does anyone want to say anything
before I torch these bodies?
No? No, I...
I just don't want to
light these suckers up
and then have someone bitch at me.
'Cause I ruined a funeral once.
Nobody?
All right, nobody wants to say anything?
I'll say a few words.
Dealing with these bodies today,
I learned something.
I learned that it doesn't matter
what we were before the island.
It doesn't matter what
people thought of us
or if we lost track
of what's important...
if we weren't close to others.
Or, hell, if we were some big weirdo,
like a public masturbator or something.
What matters is we're here now.
We're given a second chance.
Or something like that. I don't know.
I felt like that was
rambling a little bit.
I'm dehydrated. I'm sorry, everybody.
No, Danny, that's quite lovely.
Oh, thanks, Steve.
Karen... I think we should say good-bye.
♪♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Sniffing]
Ugh. What's that smell?!
Is that the bodies?!
- That smells horrible.
- Oh, God.
Is it disrespectful if we leave?
I have no idea, but I'm smelling many,
many things right now.
It smells like burning hair, huh?
[Gags]
Ugh, it smells like a
hundred assholes on fire.
Ugh! I'm gonna throw up!
Blugh!
[Retching]
Eeew!!
Now I'm gonna throw
up. I'm gonna throw up.
- I'm gonna...
- [All retching]
It's a puke chain. It's a puke chain!
Ugh! Ugh!
Don't look at each other!
Eeew!!
Everybody get upwind!
[All shouting]
Oh, yuck! Ugh!
Hey, Todd.
Hey. Look what I've got...
some pretzels for you.
Jesus. Steve, are you trying to bang me?
What? No! Why would you say that?
All the gifts and weird leg touching.
Feels like you're
trying to bang me, dude.
I'm not trying to bang you.
I'm comforting you in your time of need.
Todd, you've lost a child.
What?!
Haven't you?
Are you talking about my golf club?
Callaway is a golf club?
You were talking about a golf club?!
You thought I lost a kid? God bless!
You dummy!
Why do you think I was
being so nice to you?!
'Cause you were trying to bang me, man.
Well, I can't believe this!
- Look how angry I am now!
- I see it.
And the things I gave
you! That neck pillow!
Not to mention all the other things!
- The shaving mirror.
- Yeah.
The sketch I did of the
two of us on the beach.
Yeah, that was pretty good.
My handkerchief!
Listen, man,
it's not my fault you're an idiot.
- All right.
- We could just...
Give me that...
- No.
- neck pillow back!
- Come get it!
- Give it!
Come on! It's right here.
Whoa! [Laughing]
Okay, just come here.
All right. Yeah, right.
Come... All right, honestly, come here.
[Groans]
Damn you, Todd!
- Synced and corrected by martythecrazy -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org